+++
# Date this page was created.
date = "2017-06-29"

# Project title.
title = "Upplands Väsby Data Explorer"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "Upplands Väsby Data Explorer is a web application for data exploration and visualization built in R and Shiny."

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "shiny-200x200.png"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["r"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
# external_link = "https://xplor2.shinyapps.io/xplor/"

# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

### About

Upplands Väsby Data Explorer is an application for data exploration and visualization. The data was collected through an online questionnaire in Upplands Väsby municipality in Stockholm County, Sweden. Upplands Väsby Data Explorer is an open source research project built using [R](https://cran.r-project.org/). 

### Code

The code is available in a public repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/samuel-bohman/xplor). The software is under active development which means that there may be bugs, incomplete features, or polish required in various areas. If you stumble across a typographic error, a bug, or any other unwanted behavior, please let us know by [opening an issue](https://github.com/samuel-bohman/xplor/issues). 

### Data

The dataset is available on [data.world](https://data.world/samuel-bohman/2015-upplands-vasby-municipality). 

### Authors

Upplands Väsby Data Explorer is being researched and developed by the department of Computer and Systems Sciences at Stockholm University, Sweden:

* Samuel Bohman
* Tobias Fasth

### Publications

Bohman, S., Fasth. T. (2017). An Open Source Web Application for Exploring Public Opinion in Geospatial Planning. Forthcoming.  
